Stimulants, narcotics, cannabis.
People who have used these drugs
are now estimated
to total two million in Japan.
The number of people arrested
for drug-related offenses
is as many as 14,000 yearly.
Hand over the cocaine.
Not unless you have the cash for it.
If that Mad Dog finds out about this case…
Then get this over with quickly,
police mutt.
Get lost,
Ministry mutt.
You've been knee-deep
in crime for all this time.
Don't move!
Don't start thinking you can escape.
Regional Bureau of Health and Welfare,
Narcotics Control Department.
I'll give you a chance.
Become my "S."
- What's an S?
- A spy.
Okay.
Okay, what?
I will…
become your S.
You'll be my dog from today onwards.
You better not have
snitched to the cops about us.
I didn't.
I ran away just before.
The guys who got snatched were part-timers
who didn't know about you.
No need to worry.
Fucking cops.
Actually, they were
narcotics agents, not cops.
What's it fucking matter?
I'm sorry.
And? What about the merchandise?
They took all of it.
Your quota will be three million a month
starting next month to make up for it.
Three million?
That's too much!
Two million is tough enough already.
You're the one who let them
raid the damn place, shithead.
But I really can't do three million.
Yeah, I hear you.
I'll let you in on an easy way
to make three million.
Seen him before?
HIBIKI KAGA
Yes. He's that former boxer?
Hibiki Kaga.
He's a hick who thinks he's a bigshot.
Rumor is that he uses speed or coke.
What?
Hard to believe, right?
He acts like a friendly,
upstanding guy on TV.
But they say he drugs women
and has his way with them.
Your job is to make him a customer.
Seriously?
Celebrities are all swimming in cash.
Make the right connections
and you can easily make three million.
But how?
You're a former celebrity too,
so use your own damn brain for once!
What is it?
You got a problem?
Hey, I'm going to grab a bite.
Want to join me?
What?
I'll have some, then.
Premium sea urchin
has a rather mature taste.
Nice. Have some more.
Hello?
Good morning.
How are you? Feel any better?
I don't… remember much about yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
You said you felt sick
after eating that sushi.
I had you rest in a hotel room.
Remember that?
What?
I've never lost my memory
like this before.
Don't worry.
You'll remember it sooner or later.
What?
I quite enjoyed it.
- What…
- Sorry.
Filming is about to start.
I'll call you later.
Why are you here?
I'm coming in.
You can't just barge in so suddenly.
- Anything here you don't want me to see?
- No.
Can I not have some privacy, though?
No. I'm coming in.
It's a basic right.
- No. I'm coming in.
- Your shoes!
Are you always this self-centered?
Shut up. I'll arrest you.
I'm getting pissed.
Maybe I'll quit being an S.
That hurts!
Ouch! Just kidding!
I'll do it! I'll be your S!
You sure?
I'll do it.
It hurts.
- You're out of control.
- Enough chitchat.
Give me information.
All right.
- I see.
- Do you have to keep the shoes on?
Hey, look.
I gave you the info. Do the rest yourself.
No. Follow Matsubara's orders.
Meet Kaga and make him ingest cocaine.
Get it on video.
What?
How would I know
where Kaga does his cocaine?
Plus, I'll get killed if Matsubara
finds out I'm connected to you!
It's your own fault if you get found out.
Not my problem.
Except it is!
If they find out
I'm a spy for you and kill me,
then it's on you!
Wrong. Don't care. Shut up.
Don't blame others, criminal.
That's going a bit far.
- Don't you think so?
- I'll arrest you if you refuse.
Not that again. Get off my back already.
Yeah, I quit being your S.
Hey, wait. I'm kidding!
Please don't keep trying to arrest me.
I'll do it.
And we're back.
You're too quick with those handcuffs.
I'm too scared to talk to you.
Answer it.
Shut it, I was going to.
- Answer.
- I will!
Yes. Hello?
Got a job for you.
Go peddle goods at the cafe in Honmachi.
Wait, right now?
Don't ask questions.
I'm helping you out here,
so you can meet your new quota.
Screw this up, and get ready
to say goodbye to your precious organs.
All right.
I'll go.
Too close!
Why?
Why, though?
What is it?
Why won't you answer my calls?
What do you want?
Don't you care about your child?
What? What are you on about?
I gave you money to cover the abortion.
What did you do to me?
What do you mean?
Did you use drugs on me?
What are you saying?
Sex with you never felt normal.
I would suddenly lose my appetite,
and my mind would go all hazy.
I told you, you just have
some kind of disease.
It was cocaine.
Don't just make shit up.
I didn't even push you that hard!
Stop it!
You're making Aki cry.
What? What are you even saying?
No one is crying!
It's okay, Aki.
He scared you, didn't he?
That's a damn doll.
You…
You want money that badly?
That's not what it's about!
This is your fault!
You did all of this!
Screw that! Piss off!
Get away from me! Buzz off!
I've been waiting for 30 minutes.
I don't see any customers.
What? You messing with me?
You better be keeping your eyes open.
They should be there somewhere.
Take another look.
What a pain.
Who are you guys?
Police.
Are you Kyonosuke Umezawa,
a dealer working for Matsubara?
Come with us.
Wait, hang on now.
I think there has been a mistake.
What mistake?
Just think about it.
Me? Come on.
- Get him.
- Okay.
Why? This makes no sense.
Why am I getting arrested?
Because you're a damn drug dealer!
Shit!
Hey!
- Get him, damn it!
- Stop!
- Chase him!
- Umezawa, you little shit!
- You're not getting away!
- Move already!
After him!
Umezawa!
Wait. Where's Kurosaki?
He's out patrolling.
Damn it. He's always going off on his own.
Get back here!
Don't let him get away!
Got you!
Damn bastard!
Why the hell is this happening?
- Hurry!
- Just go already!
- Hurry up!
- Open it, quick!
- You're in the damn way!
- Just go!
Listen up. Katsuragi from the police
is also working this case.
Get back here!
Stop, damn it!
Where is he?
NO TRESPASSING ALLOWED
Hurry up and move!
Go get him!
EMERGENCY EXIT
What? Who…
Katsuragi, huh?
Now, that's another troublesome fellow.
Wait, Mr. Hainuma. Who is this Katsuragi?
A Mad Dog!
What? Doesn't that refer to Mr. Kurosaki?
Kurosaki is the NCD's Mad Dog.
Katsuragi is the police's Mad Dog.
MPD, Narcotics and Firearms Division,
Akito Katsuragi.
Yeah?
Caught red-handed.
Wait. Why am I getting arrested?
That wasn't the deal!
Didn't I become an S for you people?
So why the hell am I getting arrested?
What a funny thing to say.
What do you mean by S?
Like I said, I made a deal
agreeing to become an S for the NCD.
Didn't they tell you?
Why are you arresting me?
Whose S?
A narcotics agent.
His name is Kurosaki.
Kurosaki?
Interesting.
Tell me more at the station.
To hell with that!
Too bad.
That's obstruction of justice.
That's not funny, damn it.
I see.
So that's how you gave
my subordinates the slip.
You've had training?
Shut up.
That said, you're still just an amateur.
Ow!
His father and elder brother
are both University of Tokyo graduates,
and have successful careers.
He's the only one
who didn't get into UTokyo,
so he's got a bunch of issues around that.
That's why he tries to upstage his family
by racking up successes.
Close call.
Kurosaki's driving force
is the eradication of illegal drugs.
For Katsuragi, it's his career.
And they'll both use any means necessary.
They're both Mad Dogs.
Wouldn't want to get on their bad sides.
Speak of the devil.
Is this allowed?
For a cop to be this violent?
Shut the hell up!
You're the one adding to your crimes
by being violent towards a cop!
I'm only employing violence
in response to that.
Heck, I could even kill a meth dealer
and not get in legal trouble for it.
Well?
What you've been trying
to attack all this time
is the state's authority.
You're a dead man.
That poor Umezawa.
Bet he didn't think he would get busted.
He can't even pay his quota.
It's better to get rid
of useless trash like him,
and earn some favors with the cops.
Heck yeah!
Guess you made the wrong move
teaming up with Kurosaki.
What?
What's going on?
I looked into you.
Made your acting debut at five,
and your delinquent film
at fifteen was a hit,
giving you a little popularity.
Did you learn some martial arts
for that film?
Yeah.
Real fighting isn't about
what looks good on screen, idiot.
You got cocky after starring
in that delinquent film,
then got violent while drunk
and caused an incident.
Got suspended,
so you did illegal gambling.
Got into deep debt,
then started doing shady work.
Then you got blackmailed
into becoming a meth dealer.
What a clichéd downfall!
Shut it!
You barely put in effort,
but you dare to dream big.
You got success through luck,
then lost it all to your own actions.
You hid, ran, and made excuses.
Your life is as flimsy as paper!
And you've reached a dead end.
Your luck is out
for this go at life. Wait.
Don't think your future lives
will go any better. Tough luck!
You get violent as soon
as you get pissed off, huh?
Want to find out what happens
if you hurt a cop during interrogation?
I got arrested for dealing drugs.
I'm serving four to five years, anyway.
Why not punch you and serve one more?
After all, my luck is out
for this go at life.
Actually, it might not be.
There's one way for you to remain free.
What?
How is that even possible?
I want you to become my S.
That's the condition.
But I'm already an S for the NCD--
No, I want you to be an S for the police.
What? Aren't you on the same side?
No.
The NCD takes orders
from the Minister of Health,
Labor and Welfare.
They're a separate organization
from us police.
Like different companies
in the private sector.
And those separate organizations are both
after the same target. Drug traffickers.
Well, not that a bottom-feeder
like you would understand,
but bureaucracies like us are always
competing over accomplishments.
To summarize,
my promotion is on the line, dumbass.
Promotion?
If the all-powerful police
gets outdone by the lowly NCD,
it will hurt my prospects.
Conversely, if I can beat them
to the punch,
I get a promotion.
To that end,
I want you to be my dog.
I'm impressed at how many scummy lines
you can spout one after another.
Listen well.
You'll pretend to be an S for the NCD,
and leak their information
to the police as an S for us.
You mean like…
A double agent.
What if I get caught?
Just don't.
Don't make it sound easy!
Aren't you good at acting?
What's in it for me?
Let me think.
Right.
I'll negate whatever dirt
Kurosaki has on you.
Choose the wrong person
to wag your tail to,
and the rest of your life
will be nothing but hell.
Is that even allowed?
That's the power of plea bargains for you.
Yeah, right.
Listen.
Think long and hard
about who you ought to side with.
The police or the NCD?
Me or Kurosaki?
Enough already.
Every one of you keeps demanding
whatever you want.
I don't care if it's the police
or the NCD, I'll be your damn S!
But just remember one thing.
Don't think you can tame me that easily.
At any rate,
make sure we get the ringleader
behind this case before the police do!
Yes, sir!
The college student from before.
Another case of addiction,
like it always goes?
I have some info. Do you want it?
- Ouch!
- I'll take down Kaga.
That's why I'm letting you roam free.
You just do as I tell you to.
No way.
Why?
Why are you crying?
It's just a drug addict who died.
KUROSAKI IS UNUSUALLY DISTRESSED
- Get lost!
- Have it your way!
THE MAD DOG AND HIS S PART WAYS ALREADY?
ANY RESEMBLANCE TO ACTUAL PERSONS,
GROUPS, OR CASES IS PURELY COINCIDENTAL
Subtitle translation by: Saim Ul Hassan